we're here with all in kodesh of alden
boxing.com we want to hear some of
Orleans comments about Saturday night's
action alden taylor tablet fight of the
year certainly looks so at this point i
mean basically because of the fact that
Kelly Pavlik arose from the second round
knockdown and bras and onslaught by
Jermaine Taylor to come back when the
fairground rally unexpectedly stopped a
lead in the seventh round who was out of
nowhere the blue eyes that took Taylor
out and tangling be previously has never
been knocked down even he's been stunned
a couple of times but he's never really
been that kind of trouble and Pavlik
just took him out of there immediately
and we shocked him based on the fact
that Pavlik looked in terrible shape in
the second round I mean I honestly
didn't think he was going to make it out
of the following round even if he did
make it out of the second round and a
power shield the heart of a champion as
a result of around and he showed the
power and the heart of a champion just a
beast just to still be competitive in
the fight alone and have the desire to
come on and eventually stop tailing what
do you think the key to cat tablets
victory was I think I think he surprised
him threw him up by his jab I mean I
need Pavelec had the ability to fight on
the outside I mean he was a tall guy he
knew how to box but he just preferred a
track down muscle his opponents for the
majority of his bigger fights like
including Edison Miranda but against
table he was forced to use his chairman
he beat take me to the jab of many
occasions it's frustrating i'm on the
outside but eventually he was pulled
into a closing fight maintains a
talented outside traitor as well and i
think he just outmuscle Terry what do
you think of the discussion already of
Kelly Pavlik John dutty matchup for
early next year I mean to be honest I'd
love to see a rematch between a Kelly
Pavlik and Jermain Taylor I don't think
daddy's quite ready for upper caliber
opponent I mean is his opposition he's
looking
crested but against a hundred fight
veteran in your boy campus who almost
had him out in the 12th round I mean if
that's the case with John daddy when he
steps it up even slightly enjoy boy
campus I think he'd be easy work for a
Kelly Pavlik and it wouldn't be an
interesting fight ok and the undercard
of the pavlik terrified of course andre
berto breaks down veteran david estrada
how good is andre berto in your opinion
I thought more highly of him before his
fight with before his fight with Rivera
he kind of redeemed himself what
yesterday night against Estrada he
proved that he could break down a solid
veteran and he has good skills but he's
more of an in fighting than a battery
which he which I've done an outside
boxer using his jab then he tried that
he tried to portray and all the early
rounds in his fight against david
estrada tried to attempted to use his
jab but astride his left hooks and right
hands against the world show to prove to
Bertil that he just definitely was not a
boxer by nature and truman to a close
confrontation that Berto steadily one
and he overtake and he overtook david
estrada with his aggression and punching
power would you like to see Berto face
Zeb Judah for example yeah Judah's in
the kind of position to go up against
these young prospect I mean if he likes
or not he is becoming slowly and slowly
a journeyman or gatekeeper kind of
opponent and it'd be a good big good
test laundry but it would be definitely
by far the best Fighting's ever been in
with and the first fighter that can
match him in speed and possibly in
punching power but I think both would
win the belt but it'd be very
interesting to watch do you think Berto
would be a good opponent against a
Kermit Cintron next cleansing shown his
punching power would make him maybe too
much of a step up bernal was stunned on
a few moments on a few occasions against
david estrada with left hooks and right
hands against oppression firing say the
least that what clement central is is a
sharper
rather than david estrada and definitely
a bigger puncher I think he'd caused
havoc with his punches a lot more than a
strata did or rivera or Miguel Figueroa
last year what do you think of Chad
Dawson's victory over epifanio Mendoza
it's just what I expected I mean I
didn't expect much from Mendoza I mean
he's never beaten anyone he's able to
find anybody 2073 it's punching power is
the only thing he had going for them and
Dawson's the kind of fire that won't let
a wild Club fighter apply his power into
him ok and now upcoming next week we got
Manny Pacquiao Marco barrera Marco
Antonio Barrera to do you think Barrera
can turn the tables on the pac-man I
mean I saw the HBO countdown following
the tailor the fight yesterday uh they
tried to portray Pacquiao as a fighter
who is not as dedicated based on his
reputation with the Philippines and his
star personality and how was an icon in
the Philippines uh if that's the case
that Pacquiao may be out of shape as you
want as he is proved to be in his last
fight against Jorge Solis he may have a
real fight on his hands barreras
definitely coming in to fight and the
Chinese coming in with revenge on his
mind and he's a skilled fighter and he's
pulled off upsets against Ricky fighters
before most notably against Naseem Hamed
who was a strong southpaw in a point of
where his career when most fighters a
point had counted most experts excuse
may have counted them out against the
upper caliber opponents in the boxing
world and uh this could be deja vu from
the from the Hamed fight that took place
seven years ago but I think the most
likely outcome is that Paki I would out
working over long bro once again is in
the front by it just in a little more
competitive fashion I mean brewery had
two big distractions going into the
front fight the metal plate in his head
in the forest firing in his training
camp ok so you see pac-man winning again
but a lot more competitive
last time yeah and also by decision my
decision not a stop it okay finally next
week we have Sam Peter back in action
taking on big time mcklein anyway that
Sam Peter could lose this way mcklein is
a crafty guy and he's tall but he takes
off rounds terrible conditioning and uh
it's gonna be a waste of talent and he's
definitely past his prime Peters uh
becoming a better battery all around his
jab as he shown against James tony is
steadily improving and his punching
power he's gonna I think it's gonna get
the big time mcklein fiery on them do
you see a stoppage or you think this is
going to go the distance I can see a
stoppage in the late rounds I think my
clients uh I think my client could keep
Peter off for the car for a couple of
miles before Peter would eventually
getting close and the client is a big
height advantage and knows how to use
his height and Peter won't be able to
use a job as much as in sit against Tony
he's giving up a few inches but i think
it's jeff going to get them in close
eventually and his punching power is
going to just it's just gonna be a huge
factor in this fight as it is in most of
his opponents okay Thank You Alden for
talking to